I found this great letter from you, Scott, to Nixon, asking him to reconsider what he's owning.
From who?
From you, Scott.
I love that one.
How about this close?
This close.
It came from one of the congressmen, one of the Republican congressmen, who first term is... So the years of your museum, Bob, were when?
What were the years of your museum?
It opened in 99, and it just closed.
And were you living down there?
No, I lived down there for 18 months doing the museum.
And so why did you pick Florida for it?
They picked me.
I was on Dateline, and they saw it in a college...
She loved to eat.
Part of Mr. Lincoln ate every meal out for 35 years.
Her refrigerator was a joke.
You looked in it, it had nothing.
She'd like to eat every meal out.
This, oh this.
This is the original photograph.
John John under the desk.
I have a letter from Mrs. Lincoln, even Cecil Stoughton.
It's Cecil Stoughton and Stanley Trettick, shoulder to shoulder, looking down, and they knew John John was under the desk.
I got the whole story from Stoughton.
And he said Trettick and I were waiting.
And he said we thought he was going to pop up.
and we're going to take a picture.
All of a sudden, the door opens, and they went, boom, boom, boom.
They took the picture.
And even Credic just died, but Cecil Stoughton said, I don't know if that's mine or his, because they're identical.
But he said, how in the hell did you get that?
He said, I gave it to Mrs. Lincoln for the president.
Well, then that's the answer.
Yeah.
It's just never made it.
Isn't it?
Here, look.
Here it is.
Yeah, I displayed with the letter.
So, read it there.
This famous picture of President John F. Kennedy sitting at his desk in the Oval Office with his son John Jr.
emerging from a door underneath, which you now have in your possession, was framed and hung in Kennedy's small room near the Oval Office until November 23rd,
1963, when it was removed.
And the letter's dated June 5, 1992.
She still used White House stationary.
Yeah, everything I have is White House.
I have her stationary.
Yeah.
I mean, she's out of it for 30 years, almost, and she's still using White House stationary.
Seriously, this is the big, long banner.
It says Kennedy and Johnson, but I have pictures of it hung over the Coliseum.
And I've got pictures of it.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
But Stoughton blew his mind when he saw that.
Oh, I bet.
It was a real honor to take him to the museum.
Oh.
So why did you close the exhibit, or was it just a five-year gig?
It was five years.
They had it, you know, and they just wanted to move on.
I think they're going to close the museum.
Uh-huh.
And how many visitors did they have?
These are the signing portraits.
These are the ones that you actually sign on the bottom.
Uh-huh.
They're all originals.
I got the stash of all Mrs. Lincoln's remaining stuff.
Look at that.
And all these quantities, 400, 500.
Yeah, these were signed by him, or he didn't put the auto pin on them?
had his little desk calendar.
And these are the sheets.
There's 700 of those.
But I got these with duels all over them and all that.
But I've sold these for 100 a piece.
Isn't this something?
Are most of the pictures of Kennedy or Kennedy with Jackie or of the photographs that you have?
I mean, I can't think of what I want to do.
This is kind of cool.
This right here is the original file.
And this didn't come from Mrs. Lincoln, but this is the original file ordering all of Joe Kennedy's stationery.
And there's all samples of his stationery with a guy.
That's his older, his brother.
No.
No, Joe's father.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you meant, not Joe Junior, the father, the ambassador.
Mrs. Lincoln kept him like this.
This is her file with her writing on it.
And these are all...
very unusual telegram station.
That whole box is filled with hundreds and hundreds of morning cards, letters.
She had everything for every occasion.
Well, she used it.
Did she have a staff of people?
No.
I don't know how the woman did what she did.
She was a one-woman operation.
It was really surprising.
It's hard to imagine.
Yeah, imagine that today, right?
And they got all the word fries up there, too.
And she rang everything up in the manual.
And back in the day, those are dental pools.
But you know what, probably?
She didn't want to share.
When she went into the White House, Kennedy said to her and her husband, I want you to move in the White House.
I want you to live here.
And she was, like, honored.
And Abe, you have to know him.
He's really a cool guy.
He went.
Mr. President, with all due respect, you have my wife almost 18 hours a day.
I warn her.
And he said, we're going to live off.
And he said, I respect that.
But he said, you have to let me put a phone in next to your bed.
And that phone rings any time.
When did she start with him?
53, September of 53.
So oddly enough, funny story is that picture I showed you, me and my tank, that's September 11th, 1953.
September 12th, they get married, and Mrs. Lincoln works for them.
So it's like right on the hill there, and I'm in the Smithsonian, and we all kind of tie in later.
It's kind of funny.
It doesn't just happen in that picture.
When did Mary work for Kennedy?
When everyone took vacations?
They interchange a little bit.
They work together at one point, but then Mary takes over the secretary.
Janet DeRuers was the first secretary for Kennedy, and she got sick, and then Mrs. Lincoln took over and was a flyer.
She actually was secretary for another senator.
And she was a staunch.
Her father was a Republican congressman.
So for her to work with her Democrat was horrible in those days.
And she went and for nothing worked on Kennedy's staff for a while.
He liked her.
She liked him.
And said, look, he came in one day and he goes, okay, you want to be my personal secretary?
So she put her other job and went with him.
Mm-hmm.
You know that picture of them in the car?
Yeah.
There's a picture of them in the car.
Yeah, the four of them.
Yeah, the four of them, yeah.
That was the first day of January of 1953 when they went over the Senate.
Right, yeah, and Mary, and then...
Yeah, Mary worked for him before the senatorial.
He worked as a congressman.
Right, there were a lot of people working for him.
Right, and so Mary was working for him as a congressman, gave up the job because she wanted to marry Ray, and Evelyn comes over.
That's what it is.
Right.
She gives up the job, and Evelyn comes in because she marries Ray.
Yeah, she was working for a guy named Forrest.
Right, and Mary marries Ray and wants to have kids.
That's right.
Good word.
Do that again.
Okay.
I feel that if I didn't collect
and all this around you that you see, I wouldn't have anything... You'd be prefaced up by saying you've got two wonderful children.
Yeah, I have two children.
I have a wife.
I have a granddaughter who I love.
And all that's important to me, and family is extremely important to me.
I just lost my mom three months ago.
She was the closest person.
I lost my person three months ago.
She was the closest person to me.
What date did you lose him up?
May 17th.
Yeah, my father was June 16th.
It was pretty cool.
It's been, my mom has always encouraged me, always helped me.
My dad, I lost him in 74.
But I just wouldn't have anything.
And by that I mean, my life would be so empty.
And I would have all these other riches of family, but I wouldn't be staying in this beautiful house if it wasn't for collecting.
I wouldn't feel that I've done something in my life if it wasn't for collecting.
And I would just be much less of a person in riches
other than monetary.
I mean, I feel that what I do is important to somebody besides me.
And which bears that out, just for my Kennedy collection alone, when I'm in Texas, I met 221,000 people that came through in 24 days.
It was a zoo.
But I can't tell you how many people came over to me and were honored to meet me and thanked me for having this exhibit there.
I didn't make any money on the exhibit.
It wasn't about money.
It was about one day became two, became three.
I wanted to come home.
I missed things for my granddaughter.
I called my wife.
I said, look, I've really got to be here.
When I had an exhibit for free at the Franklin Mint, I almost lost my sales job because my boss was going, you're not servicing your account.
And I go, yeah, but I got three buses coming today from the Franklin Mint, and these people expect me to be there.
So what is your day, Joe?
I do this full-time now.
I'm a collector full-time.
My day job up until 1997 was a sales rep for a chemical company.
Which is why you think you can afford to do this full-time?
Well, the museum was my major source of income.
And now that that's gone, I don't know what exactly I'm going to do.
That's why I'm contemplating an auction.
Because if I sold... Actually, I love my collection.
I took it to Florida.
I shared with other people.
I made money off it.
It's like taking your kid to camp and dropping them off.
And then you forget about your kid.
I went in my world here and you see all the stuff I have upstairs, downstairs, downstairs.
And then all of a sudden I get all my Kennedy stuff back.
It's like, I don't remember this kid as well as I did five years ago.
And there's a part of me that wants to keep some of that material.
I won't sell it all.
I'm thinking about
not auctioning off any of the assassination-related material because I have a wonderful, rare, unique, great assassination collection.
Everything from the handle on the Zapruder camera to the flags off the car to Secret Service things in the motorcade to Lee Harvey Oswald's signatures to Jack Ruby's diaries from jail.
Wonderful things.
And I think I'm going to keep all those.
Mrs. Lincoln did entrust a lot of this stuff to you with the
expectation that they would go someplace safe.
No, no.
Is that right?
She entrusted them to me to carry on the legacy of John F. Kennedy.
That's exactly what she said.
I wanted to be carrying on to you because when she was still alive, 87, 88, 89, 90, I had many articles which I could show you in the Boston Globe, New York Times, Baltimore Sun.
But you wrote her that we were in the Bible.
I never mentioned her.
It was private.
That's why she wanted it.
She said, don't tell anybody where you're getting this stuff from because I don't want to be inundated.
So nobody figured it out.
I'd even lie sometimes on where I was getting this stuff from, from an administrative aide or some guy.
I always say guy.
Throw them off.
That was her choice.
I felt funny about it, but ultimately when it came to an interview and I'd sit down with somebody like this and they'd say, well, where do you get this stuff?
I would fend it off with,
I just don't get this stuff handed to me by one person.
I beat the bushes.
I go all over, and that's true.
So the articles that you'll see in 87, 88, 89, it's a mysterious type thing.
And even some... Kind of like a deep throat of collecting.
Right, exactly, exactly.
And once in 95, when she died, I felt this burden of that off me, and then I wanted people... So the story didn't come up until after she died.
Right, right.
I mean, some people figured it out.
Even one guy... What, did the Kennedy family know?
They said they didn't, but they did, because I had huge articles.
I mean, full-page color things in the Washington Times, right under Ted Kennedy's nose.
The Washington Post front page.
After the Jackie sale, the Kennedys realized, aha, this stuff is worth money.
So then they came after me.
But before that... Do you anticipate any further trouble from the Kennedy family?
No.
I have a note right there on the wall.
You can see it from here.
A thank you letter from Caroline Kennedy, thanking me for returning some things to her.
Yeah, but that was then, and this is now.
No, now is now, but... You still got 50,000.
Right, but... And I imagine that some of them are pretty sensitive.
I imagine you've got some... I'm just guessing, but I'm imagining... I'm guessing that you have some stuff here that they might not like people to know about.
Well, it... Maybe I'm wrong on that, but... You're a little right, but Mrs. Lincoln...
And the people that I got things from loved Kennedy, and they didn't keep off-color material.
Do you have stuff that bears on as womanizing, for instance?
Yes.
But that didn't come from Mrs. Lincoln.
What I'm saying, the collection— Yes, I do.
The collection is much more—that's what impresses me.
If this was just a pipeline for Mrs. Lincoln, it would be interesting with no great shakes, because you had somebody who liked you and fed you stuff.
But, you know, this is why it's also very important for me to see this stuff.
Yeah, that's when I started here.
You know?
I said, this guy's not a mono guy.
He's got everything here.
This really gives a texture of you to me.
And I love this.
I love this.
I never leave this room.
I love this as much as the Kennedy stuff down here.
Yeah, but anything.
I mean, I'm just, I can tell you about it.
I gravitate towards it.
It all means something to me.
It's not just here as fluff, and it's not just here to impress anybody, because I really don't have that many people in here.
But before, my Kennedy collection now, Dateline, today's show three times, seven million people on any given interview.
So everybody collectively, I mean, I failed public speaking in college.
I mean, I couldn't talk to three people, and this has brought me out of a shell that I was in for many, many years.
I mean, I've taught to advanced history classes at Loyola.
I've done the great American teach-in and was voted the best one of the whole students of kids that were half dope addicts and didn't know where they were even in class.
I had their attention.
And I'm proud of that.
I talked to a faculty of a college, and they had a guy from Oracle tell them about the future of computers, and they're all like,
And I start talking about Kennedy and they're like, and they all come over to me and this Oracle guy's like, why come isn't anybody coming over to me?
It's boring to them, but these people are coming over and going, Mr. White, I can't wait to see the museum.
It's opening.
I mean, can you give me a tour?
I want this.
I donated two tickets and a tour to a charity auction in Tampa and it bought $900 to have a tour of the museum by me.
I felt guilty.
I said, I'm going to bring you back in the vault and show you stuff that's not out.
And the people were like, really?
I mean, Wade Boggs.
Wade Boggs, you know who Wade Boggs is.
Wade Boggs is sitting at a bar.
I go over and I go, Mr. Boggs, hi, nice to meet you.
And I said, because he's Erica Vinoy with his wife.
And he turns to me and he goes, so what brings you to town?
And I went, well, I have the Kennedy Museum that's open.
He goes, the Kennedy Museum?
My daughter's a fanatic about the assassination.
I said, here.
I reached in my pocket.
I gave him two complimentary tickets.
I said,
You and your wife and your daughter, I'll bring you in the back.
She can hold the flags from the car.
He's going, are you kidding me, my wife?
My daughter will go crazy.
Next thing I know, it's right about, like, March.
Next thing I know, the museum, big envelope comes.
I'm invited to the Christmas party of the year, which is Wade Boggs' Christmas party at his house.
valet parking and all this. So my wife and I are hobnobbing with Wade Boggs and all these people. I'm sitting in with American league trophies. Yeah I mean his house is phenomenal, but the point is is just because of Kennedy, I know Wade Boggs. I mean it's bizarre. You're giving of yourself too. It's a trip, I mean, you know the whole thing. I use that term from the 60s. The whole thing is a trip and it just keeps on tripping. So Bob what can I do for you? I mean you have you know this again
It's not my idea, it's Alan's.
And would I love to have a book in my life?
I think so.
In my life of collecting.
And when you say a book, by the way, a book is a, you know, that's a word that encompasses the same thing in the universe.
Right, right, right.
All kinds of books.
Right.
And there are things that I can do, lots of things I can do, but there are some things I can't do.
And I have to, what I have, I mean, I have to understand that I do this
to make my living.
I understand.
I'm 60 years old.
I am under contract to produce a book, but I would make time to do something, but I would have to be compensated.
I understand.
If this is something that you would like to pursue, we could come up with a strategy that might... Well, Alan has some strategies about funding it.
Okay, he did.
That's new to me.
Well, that's what he told me.
And he hasn't discussed that with me.
It was an initial meeting between us, like I did on the phone.
Yeah.
I mean, I have people that have said to me, you should do a book on Kennedy.
And I'm like, no, I don't know if I want to do that.
Personally, if it were me, I would write about it a little bit more than Kennedy.
I mean, this really kind of dazzles me, you know.
Right, right.
But I think... I mean, the passion.
I mean, I coined the phrase, a gentle madness.
I gave him... I love that phrase.
And people say that's exactly what it is.
It is a madness.
Bibliomania.
I stood up in front of the high school kids and I said to myself, the teachers are going to pass out when I say this.
But I went, kids, what I do is my own personal cocaine.
It's my high.
And all these kids, some of them are down like this and they're all like, did you say cocaine?
I mean, you know, they're into it.
So these kids voted me.
the most interesting speaker they've ever had at the school.
And I've got certificates and all this, and I'm like, I just can't believe it.
But this one kid who was like, he was more important to the class members than the teacher.
I think he was like a gang kid.
He got up and goes,
I think we should all thank Mr. White for coming here, because this guy is cool.
And I'm like, kids, you know, because I talk about shrunken heads, and they never know me.
They go, Mr. White, what else do you collect?
You say you're a collector.
What else do you collect besides Kennedy?
Because Kennedy, they don't care.
I said, well, kids, I collect shrunken heads.
They're like, what?
I explained to them about shrunken heads.
They're like, wow, this guy is so far out.
He's out there.
They love me.
So the point is, I think I can connect with a lot of people in the book, but
My Kennedy collection is not me without all my other collections.
It all ties in, not directly, but indirectly.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
If I just collected registers, it's boring to some people.
This is the age, by the way, in my last book, which was a book just about collecting.
This is the age we're in now of the material artifacts.
It's not just the book, and it's not just the manuscript, and it's not just the document.
We really want to see the things that give substance to a light.
And I write about Harvard University, which just paid half a million dollars to get some Longfellow stuff.
They already had the Longfellow collection to die for, but why?
They have beer labels of Longfellow beer, broadsides in China, the kinds of things, the material artifact that we give somebody who's coming in to look at this life,
some sense of the person during the lifetime.
This is really what you've put together.
It's a collection of material artifacts as well as documents and things.
You're seeing, you know, I'd say 70% of it, because there's still a lot tucked away.
Yeah.
You saw the Kennedy collection, but I still have more.
Oh, I'm sure, yeah.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I'd be happy to
discuss doing something, and I'd make time to do it.
But Alan is integral, because it was his idea.
I mean, I didn't come to you.
He recommended you, he said, and then he wants to interwork a book on my collection, really pounding away on the Kennedy aspect, which is really important, because I've got a lot of great stories on Kennedy and all the stuff that's happened to me over the years.
Believe me, I've got people who just want me to do a book about the controversy that I was involved in, which was really
a false controversy.
It was all implied.
But you gave stuff.
I gave $1.2 million worth of stuff.
I gave the Kennedy stuff that they knew I had that wasn't even remotely thought of as being auctioned.
Caroline just said, well, I want that wallet.
And I go, whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
I was never going to sell his wallet.
She goes, well, you got two wallets.
I want one of them.
And I'm like, well, nobody understands that.
His diaries.
I had the Kennedy Library historian say it's the fine of the century on Kennedy.
Kennedy's diaries from his fact-finding tour in 51.
Mrs. Lincoln had them.
He used them in speeches for years after.
They were old news.
In 53, they were used up.
In 51, he did them.
Two years later, they were old news.
She saved them.
I had them.
She wrote them to me.
I look at them.
I translated them, for God's sake.
It took me three months to translate them.
Nobody can translate them.
I translate them.
I wouldn't give them, but I gave them to them.
I wouldn't give them three months of my work.
I said, you can find somebody to translate them.
I'm not giving them a translation.
They're incredible.
These conversations with Tito and his comments all about the situations in Asia.
So they asked for them?
They asked for them.
Would you say they demanded them?
Yeah.
But in 96, they saw them.
The guy had them in his hand.
He goes, Robert, this is the find of the century.
I go, yeah, I'd like to do something with them.
So I thought, okay, to fund a museum, I'll do it on my own.
It was a pipe dream back in 96.
So 97, I offered them to the Kennedy Library for sale at what I thought was a very reasonable price.
Enough money to open my own museum.
And they went nuts.
They just went nuts.
They went, how dare you offer something like that?
I'm like, other people offer you stuff all the time.
They find angels to buy stuff, you know?
So anyway, that's what set it off.
They had this
in their crawl that I offered it to them.
Plus, I was giving them, giving them a love letter that Mrs. Lincoln gave me.
It was a five-page love letter from Jackie Kennedy to John Kennedy.
Love and Mary?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
It showed their ultimate.
It showed Jackie.
I mean, she was pouring out.
Never showed it to anybody because I thought it was too personal.
And I said, you know, this is too personal.
This is slimy.
Mrs. Lincoln gave it to me because she said, if there's ever a doubt, she said to me, I'm giving you this because if there's ever a doubt in your mind that they didn't love each other, this will prove it, that they loved each other.
What year was it written?
It was written on Onassis' yacht when she was touring the Mediterranean with her and Lee in October of 1963, one month before.
So it's a beautiful letter.
So Caroline found out that I had it.
Ted Kennedy found out that I had it.
And I said, I'm offering it to you with the diaries.
Just take it off.
I think it was $850,000, something like that.
I mean, the diaries are worth millions.
And they just got a jag on it for me after that.
I knew.
I mean, I have all the freedom of information.
I have enough freedom.
It cost me thousands in freedom of information documents that I have that prove everything that I can say.
I mean, Greg Craig, who was Clinton's attorney, and Eileen Gonzalez and all that stuff.
Greg Craig and Ted Kennedy sitting around talking about me.
Ted Kennedy says, let's see what makes this guy tick.
I mean, I have the notes from the Kennedy Library on it.
The Kennedys play hardball.
Yes, they were playing hardball.
I mean, Joe McGinnis is a good friend of mine, by the way.
I know what Joe's been, you know, I know what these people could be.
I told you, I think on the phone, I was Operation Bob White.
That's what they called me.
It was a subversive effort to...
do everything to get me.
And these guys play with baseball bats.
I mean, figuratively.
And all I am is a little collector.
Well, I'm a collector trying... Don't think for one second that you're a little... Well, compared to the big guys.
No, no, you have the collection.
And you have Mrs. Lincoln's stuff.
They resented that.
They know she was with them for... They don't know why Mrs. Lincoln gave me the stuff.
Doesn't matter.
Well, I know why.
I know why.
Because...
They forgot about her.
They probably didn't realize that she went out with all this stuff, either.
No, they knew, but they forgot about her.
And they didn't care about the stuff until after the Jackie sale.
But here's the thing.
Mrs. Lincoln sat there, and it was Caroline's wedding.
I went over about three weeks before Caroline's wedding.
We used to talk before she'd give me things, and we'd talk for hours.
And I said to her, just like I'm talking to you, I said, Mrs. Lincoln, so obviously, where's Caroline getting married?
I mean, you're going, right?
This...
Remorse came over.
And she went, no, I'm not going.
And stopped it.
And I saw, don't go there.
So I just went.
It was like when we talk about the assassination, she started to well up.
But a mistake.
Yeah.
But they forgot about her, see?
And that hurt her.
That might have been the fatal.
That hurt her.
That might have cost them the stuff.
Exactly right.
And nobody knows that.
And let me tell you, when I put her urn at Arlington in the columbarium, two Kennedys were there.
Ted didn't even show up.
And this was the woman who I said to Mr. Metzler, I said, when we leave this administration building in Arlington, we're going to make a left and go down to the Columbarium.
Can we one time just go to the right and go one pass by Kennedy's grave in her honor?
He goes, great idea, Robert.
Let's do that.
Because Mrs. Lincoln, from 64 until the year she died in 95, never missed
November 22nd, going to the grave.
And I have tons of pictures.
It was every, in the paper, the loyal secretary going to see her boss.
It made every Boston Globe paper every year, all those years.
And one last time to pass it.
And Mr. Lincoln was, he was in tears.
But I brought Mr. Lincoln back to the apartment.
I'm arriving and I go, my wife's in the back seat and I'm going, Mr. Lincoln, I got to ask you this.
Why me?
Why did your wife give me that stuff all these years?
He turned to me and he went, Robert, she loved you.
And she respected you.
And to my wife, those two qualities are the utmost in a person.
How old was she when she died?
She was 85.
And she had no children of her own?
No children.
Do you think maybe there was a... I say that, but I hate that when people go, oh, I'm like a son she never had.
I don't like that, but I really... But you can't dismiss it.
I think I was a friend.
that she counted on.
I went over and set up her answering machine.
Yeah, but you met her when you were 13.
Yes, but I went over and set up her answering machine because they couldn't figure out.
She knew you from the time you were a kid.
I said to her, if you ever need anything, call me up.
And she would call me up and say, Robert, next time can you come over?
Can you put my tapes in this damn machine?
I can't figure it out.
So how far did you live?
She lived in Bethesda.
So it was close.
Yeah, 30 minutes away.
But anyway, I could go on and on and on, but I've got tons of stories.
You know, obviously, if we... Well... It has to be a number.
I may have to come back and spend some time with you.
Oh, yeah.
I know that.
And I'm pretty skilled.
You think I'm not interviewing you now?
No, I'm sure you are.
No, I have no doubt.
And I have the utmost respect for what you do.
Alan gave me copies of your books.
I mean, I've never had a problem.
You know, my stuff is...
I've been sharing my first book with a finalist for the National Book Critics.
I write for the Circle Award.
The New York Times.
Extremely well.
My brand new book coming out has had two rave reviews, Publishers Weekly and Kirkus just last week.
That's great.
What are you in town for now?
I'm giving a lecture tomorrow night.
Ralph Nader personally invited me to give a talk.
Great.
to save D.C.
libraries.
He read my book, Patience and Supportive, which is about libraries.
Yeah, I have it.
That's right in there.
So, I mean, I have book culture and everything that it represents, but I write about archaeology in the new book.
I write about all kinds of writing surfaces through history, the destruction of libraries.
My new book is called The Splendor, but it isn't certainly going to copy out when it comes out.
But, you know, we have to figure out how can I help you.
And he wants it to work in conjunction with the auction, and that's what I don't understand.
Okay, well, you know, again, I'm a professional writer.
But I'm not an auction person, and Alan is, and I defer to him with that.
So just make sure he knows that when we leave, because, you know.
Well, he talked to me in business terms.
Okay.
on how we can get somebody to fund this, and I'm like, he lost me.
I do what I do.
I don't pretend to know a lot about other subjects.
But, I mean, I have to be ready.
It's your livelihood.
I understand that.
I mean, I got a Jaguar my father gave me.
He's a V12.
I understand.
That's fix or repair daily.
He brought it new, you know, and he's the original one and he gave it to me.
That's great.
And he just died, and the mechanic is costing me 50 bucks.
I mean, this was an hour.
That's what mechanics meant.
You know, long is... These gags are beautiful, but boy, I tell you, you know.
Yeah, I can't wait.
I can't wait to get it.
Yeah, but what I'm trying to say is the guy that comes to make a service call for them to think, I mean... I got you.
I got two Mercedes out there.
I know what you're saying.
How do I put a value on what I do?
It's the time.
It's time.
You're like a lawyer.
Yeah, I'd like to think that there are a lot of lawyers in the country.
There aren't many people that do what I do.
And I think enjoy the respect that I have.
I should send you the new review of Publishers Weekly last week.
I mean, they say the acclaimed, you know, they call my trilogy of books acclaimed, and my legions of fans will be thrilled.
Oh, excellent.
My numbers on there.
Terrific, yeah.
So let's talk to Alan.
All right.
Let me take a couple of pictures of you if you don't mind.
Sure, sure, sure.
Anything you want?
And then maybe I may have a couple of strategies that, you know, if I could get a couple of freelance things going.
Well, that would make it, that would be good for me, Alan.
This photograph is very well on you, by the way.
This is my new Contacts 3.
I had a Contacts 2 which you swallowed.
I was in Italy and London.
Yeah, I'm an advocate about it myself.
I have a huge security system here.
Oh, how about over here?
Go stand over by it.
Good stuff, good stuff.
It is photographed very well in general.
So, Nick, I want to show you this real quick.
This is an overview.
This is, I have tons of articles.
These are some of the things in my collection that I professionally wrote.
But this was History of Hollywood.
This is 1987.
And Mrs. Lincoln, she would critique these articles I talk about.
The Collective Powers of J.K.
It says in here, you know,
unknown source and all this kind of stuff.
And then all these other things.
Wisconsin.
This is the half a page I have in the New York Times.
Are you collecting that?
A lot, yeah.
Do you have any copies of these around?
Oh, I have hundreds.
All right, stop.
Maybe you can.
Yeah, I can give you some copies.
Would you like to take some of these?
Yes, sir, if you don't mind.
No, I don't know.
Here's one in the Boston Globe.
What's the year on the globe, right?
You have to tell me.
I remember that.
That's 1996, yes.
See, I can get all this.
What's this next?
Yeah, well, anyway, you can take these on the bottom of it.
This is a color playoff that I have on my mom's face.
And then I can do a LexisNexis for you.
You know what LexisNexis is.
All right, I've got one.